0 A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	
2 This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	
1 Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	
-1 A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	
0 Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	
0 A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	
0 Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .	
2 The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations	
0 But it does n't leave you with much .	
0 You could hate it for the same reason .	
0 There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	
1 Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	
1 The performances are an absolute joy .	
-1 Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	
1 I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .	
1 A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	
1 a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	
3 Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .	
-1 As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .	
0 It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .	
1 Best indie of the year , so far .	
0 Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	
1 It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	
0 That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	
0 The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	
0 It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .	
1 A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	
1 While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	
0 The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .	
0 More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	
0 Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	
1 Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	
1 Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	
0 There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	
-1 Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .	
0 They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	
0 It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	
-2 The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	
0 Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	
0 So could young romantics out on a date .	
0 Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	
0 Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	
1 If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	
0 This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	
1 Fortunately , you still have that option .	
1 Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .	
-1 As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	
-1 I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .	
1 Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	
1 Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	
0 Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .	
-1 Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	
0 Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	
-1 Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	
0 Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	
1 Both lead performances are Oscar-size .	
0 Run for your lives !	
1 Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	
0 Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	
1 Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	
0 The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	
0 But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	
-1 Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	
0 The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	
0 The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	
-1 Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .	
1 A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	
1 It 's like a drive-by .	
1 is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	
-2 A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	
1 But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	
0 -LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	
0 -LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .	
0 Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	
1 Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	
0  	
0 The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	
0 Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .	
0 This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	
2 An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	
0 All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	
2 Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .	
-1 The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	
-2 Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .	
0 Tells a fascinating , compelling story .	
0 Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .	
0 Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	
0 In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	
1 It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	
-1 Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	
0 It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	
0 ... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	
0 Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	
0 Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .	
0 Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	
0 Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	
0 `` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	
1 Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	
0 It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .	
0 Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	
0 -LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	
0 A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .	
0 Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .	
0 Changing Lanes tries for more .	
0 Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
-1 A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	
0 One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	
0 The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	
2 Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	
0 A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	
1 Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .	
0 And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .	
1 The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	
4 Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	
0 Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	
-1 But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .	
1 Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	
1 300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	
1 The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .	
1 Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	
0 `` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	
0 Absorbing character	
-2 Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	
0 It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .	
0 Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	
0 If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	
-1 A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	
0 Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	
1 A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .	
0 A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	
0 Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	
0 A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	
0 I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .	
0 It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?	
0 Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	
-1 One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	
0 Intriguing and downright intoxicating .	
0 Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .	
-2 The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	
0 Sleek and arty .	
-1 Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	
0 -LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	
1 It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	
0 Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .	
0 It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	
1 Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	
1 When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .	
0 Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	
-2 Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .	
0 It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	
0 Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .	
-1 There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	
0 He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	
1 Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	
0 ... stale and uninspired .	
1 In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	
2 Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	
0 Eerily accurate depiction of depression .	
1 As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	
0 An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	
0 The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	
-1 It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	
0 As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .	
1 You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .	
-1 Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	
0 Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	
0 Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	
0 A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .	
2 Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .	
1 Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	
1 Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
1 It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	
0 Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .	
-1 Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .	
0 ... the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .	
-1 Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	
0 This is a children 's film in the truest sense .	
-1 Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	
1 Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	
0 An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	
-1 The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	
1 Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	
-1 Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .	
0 The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	
0 At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .	
0 The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .	
0 There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	
0 Uneven but a lot of fun .	
0 The result might look like Vulgar .	
-3 The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	
0 The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	
0 It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	
0 Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	
0 The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	
0 Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .	
0 The film can depress you about life itself .	
0 If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	
0 You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	
0 This is a superior horror flick .	
-1 The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .	
0 A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	
2 But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	
0 Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .	
1 More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .	
0 Storytelling feels slight .	
-1 Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	
1 It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .	
1 Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	
0 ... only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .	
-2 It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	
0 Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .	
-1 Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	
0 When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	
0 A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	
0 Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .	
0 Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	
2 A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	
2 An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	
-1 Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	
1 A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	
1 His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	
0 An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	
1 Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .	
-1 The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	
-1 The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	
0 They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	
-1 It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	
1 Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	
0 Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?	
0 Or both .	
1 Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .	
0 Phoned-in business as usual .	
-1 With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	
0 Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	
-1 Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents	
1 In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	
0 A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	
1 ... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	
0 Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	
-1 A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	
1 Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .	
-1 Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	
1 At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	
0 Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .	
1 Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	
0 This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	
-1 Feral and uncomfortable .	
1 Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .	
0 It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	
0 Black-and-white and unrealistic .	
0 The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	
-1 The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	
0 Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	
0 Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	
0 Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	
0 A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	
0 Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	
0 Genuinely unnerving .	
1 The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	
0 One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	
-3 A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .	
0 Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .	
0 Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	
0 One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .	
0 In fact , even better .	
0 ... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .	
2 Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .	
-1 An uplifting , largely bogus story .	
0 Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	
1 Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	
1 A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	
1 After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing	
1 It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	
0 Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .	
0 Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	
0 Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	
0 The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	
0 A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .	
0 Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	
1 In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	
1 A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '	
0 First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .	
0 I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .	
-1 ... silly humbuggery ...	
1 Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .	
1 A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	
0 -LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .	
1 Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	
-1 Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .	
0 A slight but sweet film .	
0 Got a David Lynch jones ?	
-1 Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .	
0 Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	
0 `` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	
-1 What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .	
0 The filmmakers might want to look it up .	
0 While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .	
2 There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	
0 A dreary movie .	
-1 Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	
1 To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	
0 Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	
0 Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	
0 What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	
0 Buy popcorn .	
0 A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .	
1 A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	
1 -LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .	
0 Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .	
1 Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	
0 Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	
0 ... irritating soul-searching garbage .	
0 A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	
0 Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .	
0 In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	
1 Proves mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .	
0 Except it 's much , much better .	
2 It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	
0 There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .	
0 has -RRB-	
0 So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	
0 It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	
0 If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .	
-1 A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	
0 See it .	
0 Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !	
2 A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .	
-1 Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	
0 A relative letdown .	
0 ` Hey Arnold ! '	
0 But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	
0 The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .	
-1 A non-mystery mystery .	
0 Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	
0 The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	
-3 This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	
1 The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...	
-1 One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	
0 Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	
2 Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	
1 Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '	
1 With wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .	
0 It labours as storytelling .	
0 Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	
0 The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .	
-1 Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	
1 ... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .	
1 I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	
1 Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .	
0 When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?	
1 If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .	
1 It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .	
2 For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .	
0 Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	
0 Too clever by about nine-tenths .	
0 This is no `` Waterboy ! ''	
0 They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .	
0 The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .	
0 Not as good as the original , but what is ...	
0 Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .	
-1 Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .	
-1 An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	
-1 Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .	
0 Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .	
-1 The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	
4 With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	
0 Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	
1 A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	
0 Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	
0 How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	
0 Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '	
1 `` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	
0 Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .	
1 An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	
1 Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .	
2 Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	
-1 Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .	
-1 Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .	
-2 ... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	
1 Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '	
0 Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .	
-1 Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	
0 This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	
-1 Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	
0 Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	
1 Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .	
0 `` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .	
0 Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .	
0 The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .	
1 The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .	
0 Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	
0 Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .	
0 In this film , Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .	
0 As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .	
0 Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	
0 Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?	
-1 Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	
0 This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .	
-1 To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	
0 Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	
0 A porn film without the sex scenes .	
0 The movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .	
0 Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -	
1 Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	
0 `` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	
1 A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .	
0 An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .	
1 Consistently clever and suspenseful .	
0 Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .	
0 Hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .	
2 A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	
0 Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	
0 Bearable .	
0 Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	
-1 But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	
0 See it for his performance if nothing else .	
0 The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .	
0 I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .	
0 Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	
1 plays like some corny television production from a bygone era	
0 It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	
1 Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	
0 Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	
1 Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .	
0 Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	
0 Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .	
0 -LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .	
0 This beautifully animated epic is never dull .	
0 Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .	
-1 In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .	
-1 frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context	
0 Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ?	
0 A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus .	
-1 Veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .	
0 It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	
0 The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	
-1 Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .	
0 It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	
0 A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	
1 Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	
-1 Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	
0 Mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .	
0 Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .	
0 Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .	
0 The concept is a hoot .	
1 A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .	
-1 The directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge	
0 What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .	
0 Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	
0 What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?	
0 Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .	
-1 Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	
0 A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	
1 Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	
0 Maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .	
0 Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !	
0 Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	
1 Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .	
0 Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	
1 The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	
0 In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .	
0 A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	
1 A wry , affectionate delight .	
0 Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	
0 The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	
0 Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .	
1 Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	
0 Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .	
0 As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .	
-1 Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .	
0 Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	
0 Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '	
0 A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	
0 An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	
-1 An extremely unpleasant film .	
-1 More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	
0 A puzzling experience .	
0 Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .	
-1 I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	
0 Intelligent and moving .	
0 This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	
1 Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .	
0 The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .	
-1 As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .	
0 It should have stayed there .	
-1 ... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .	
-1 It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	
-1 There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	
0 There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	
0 Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	
-2 This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	
0 As saccharine as it is disposable .	
0 Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	
0 A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .	
0 An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	
0 Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	
0 Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	
1 She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	
0 Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	
0 So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .	
-1 Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .	
-3 The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	
0 The cast comes through even when the movie does n't .	
-2 A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .	
-1 It 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	
1 Innocuous enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good .	
0 But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	
0 But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	
0 I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .	
-1 Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .	
-1 One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	
0 With a confrontational stance , Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .	
0 A processed comedy chop suey .	
0 eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .	
2 Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	
0 So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .	
1 An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	
-1 I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .	
0 A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	
2 The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	
0 Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	
1 It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	
0 Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	
0 Goes on and on to the point of nausea .	
0 -LRB- Raimi 's -RRB- matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you 'll ever see .	
0 It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	
-1 An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	
0 In between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '	
0 A modestly surprising movie .	
1 ... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .	
0 Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .	
0 This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	
-1 This one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .	
0 It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .	
0 If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''	
0 Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	
-1 Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	
0 There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .	
-1 ` This movie sucks . '	
0 Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	
-1 A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	
0 The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .	
1 What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	
0 The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .	
0 Barry Sonnenfeld owes Frank the Pug big time	
-1 One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .	
-1 Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .	
0 After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	
-1 Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	
-1 A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	
0 Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .	
-1 While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	
0 The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .	
0 Parts	
0 In visual fertility Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .	
0 This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .	
0 Make Chan 's action sequences boring .	
0 It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .	
-1 The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	
0 Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .	
0 As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	
0 Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	
0 Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .	
-1 Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	
3 Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	
-1 This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .	
0 A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .	
0 It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .	
-1 The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .	
-1 Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .	
0 Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	
0 Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	
0 Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .	
-1 The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	
0 Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .	
0 Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .	
1 We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .	
2 Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .	
0 A perceptive , good-natured movie .	
0 This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .	
-1 One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary ... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .	
-1 Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	
1 The real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .	
0 And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .	
0 Rather than real figures	
0 By no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	
0 Not just unlikable .	
0 Show me the mugging .	
0 Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	
0 It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	
0 The next big thing 's not-so-big -LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB- directorial debut .	
0 If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers .	
0 Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .	
0 A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	
2 There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics	
-1 It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .	
0 The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne	
-1 I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .	
0 Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .	
0 The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .	
0 Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	
0 A really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .	
3 Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	
0 A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .	
-1 Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	
0 Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .	
0 But I do .	
0 A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .	
1 Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .	
0 It is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .	
0 It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	
0 ... -LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .	
0 You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .	
-2 The movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .	
-1 Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	
-1 This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	
2 The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .	
-1 A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .	
0 Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	
0 Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	
0 It challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .	
5 Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	
0 An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	
1 Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .	
-2 Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .	
0 Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	
0 It 's just rather leaden and dull .	
1 Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	
0 Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	
-1 A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	
-1 The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .	
1 From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .	
0 Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .	
-1 Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .	
2 There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note .	
2 This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but it feels like unrealized potential	
0 As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .	
0 Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	
0 The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	
1 It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .	
0 or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	
-2 Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	
0 How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	
0 Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project .	
0 ... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	
2 A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	
0 Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .	
-2 They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .	
-1 It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	
0 Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	
0 Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	
-1 All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	
-2 The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .	
1 You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .	
0 The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .	
-1 Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .	
-1 So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .	
0 Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	
-1 In other words , it 's badder than bad .	
0 Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .	
1 Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .	
1 Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	
-1 Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	
0 With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera	
0 You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .	
0 A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	
0 Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .	
0 If A Few Good Men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . ''	
0 So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	
0 Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there	
0 Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .	
0 The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	
0 Delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .	
0 Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .	
0 -LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up .	
-1 Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .	
0 In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .	
0 -- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .	
2 This is not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .	
0 The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	
2 It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .	
-1 The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	
2 The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	
0 If this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .	
1 When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .	
0 It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .	
1 Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .	
0 Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .	
1 It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	
0 Paul Cox needed to show it .	
0 A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .	
0 The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .	
0 They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	
0 moved	
0 Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .	
0 A piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .	
1 This movie is to be cherished .	
1 The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .	
0 Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	
2 While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	
1 Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	
-1 The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	
1 Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	
-3 While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	
1 Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''	
1 A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	
0 Ultimate X is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine .	
0 Unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .	
0 Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	
0 Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	
0 I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .	
0 You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .	
1 Ferrara 's best film in years .	
0 Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .	
1 No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .	
0 ... a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .	
0 Poetry in motion captured on film .	
1 Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	
0 None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	
0 Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .	
1 It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .	
0 Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .	
0 Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .	
1 Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .	
0 Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .	
0 The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .	
0 Crikey indeed .	
0 It 's exactly what you 'd expect .	
0 It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	
-1 You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	
0 A stirring road movie .	
-1 If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .	
1 It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	
1 It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	
1 Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .	
0 Just send it to Cranky .	
0 Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .	
0 Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	
2 In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .	
0 Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .	
0 New Yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...	
0 Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .	
2 With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .	
0 Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .	
0 No , even that 's too committed .	
1 The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	
0 Low comedy does n't come much lower .	
-1 The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .	
0 dramatic snapshot	
0 What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons .	
0 It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	
-1 The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .	
0 It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .	
0 Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .	
1 Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	
0 While it may not add up to the sum of its parts , Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .	
0 There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .	
-1 Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	
1 Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .	
-2 From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	
2 The movie is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .	
2 A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	
1 Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .	
0 It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .	
0 You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .	
1 A quiet , disquieting triumph .	
0 A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	
1 It looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has .	
0 Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .	
0 A generic international version of a typical American horror film .	
-1 The result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .	
0 Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	
0 Charlotte Sometimes is a gem .	
-1 Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .	
0 Brady	
-1 Upper Teens may get cynical .	
0 A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema	
0 A small movie with a big heart .	
1 Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	
1 feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .	
0 Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .	
0 A cartoon ?	
0 Disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .	
0 These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	
0 It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .	
0 The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	
0 Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .	
1 I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .	
1 If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	
0 It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .	
0 The movie is a trove of delights .	
0 With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...	
1 Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good , Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .	
0 Thin period piece .	
0 A well-executed spy-thriller .	
0 The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .	
0 ... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .	
0 More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	
-2 Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .	
-1 In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .	
0 Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .	
0 I 'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .	
1 Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .	
0 Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	
0 White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	
0 ... one resurrection too many .	
0 Execrable .	
0 It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .	
0 I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .	
1 -LRB- Allen 's -RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America diversions could ever be .	
-1 It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	
0 Bernal and	
0 An ambitious and moving but bleak film .	
1 If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .	
0 Slight but enjoyable documentary .	
0 Did the film inform and educate me ?	
-1 If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .	
0 At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''	
1 All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline .	
0 Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary .	
2 ` Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . '	
0 Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	
0 Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	
0 This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .	
-2 By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	
1 A remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .	
0 Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .	
3 The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	
-1 Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	
0 Or else a doggie winks .	
1 You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .	
1 Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .	
0 More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .	
-1 Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	
0 After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .	
0 Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	
1 Once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .	
0 A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	
0 Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .	
0 Here is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .	
1 Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	
0 After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	
0 Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	
0 A naturally funny film , Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .	
0 The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .	
0 A Meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .	
-1 This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .	
0 Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	
0 From blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '	
0 Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .	
-1 The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	
1 Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '	
1 Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	
-1 A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .	
-1 It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	
1 There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	
0 A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .	
0 The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	
-1 An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .	
0 It will break your heart many times over .	
0 This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	
0 It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	
-1 Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	
0 -LRB- A -RRB- mess .	
0 A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	
0 The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	
0 a stereotype	
0 The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	
2 Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .	
-1 God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	
0 Is it a comedy ?	
-1 Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	
1 The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .	
1 Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .	
-1 An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .	
0 The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	
0 ` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .	
0 The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	
0 A fifty car pileup of cliches .	
0 Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	
0 ... pitiful , slapdash disaster .	
1 Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .	
0 You end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .	
1 Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	
0 An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	
1 Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	
0 A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .	
0 Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	
1 Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .	
0 Everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .	
-1 Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France .	
0 `` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	
1 Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .	
0 Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .	
0 It 's all a rather shapeless good time ...	
1 Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	
0 No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	
0 -LRB- Ramsay -RRB- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .	
0 The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but they are few and far between .	
1 ... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .	
-1 A disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .	
1 Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .	
0 Almost .	
0 Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	
0 Been there done that .	
1 They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''	
0 Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .	
0 The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .	
0 Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	
0 This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	
0 Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .	
0 The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .	
0 Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .	
1 A captivating new film .	
-1 If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .	
1 Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .	
-1 Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .	
1 While this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .	
0 Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .	
-2 An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	
0 The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .	
-1 So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	
0 Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .	
3 A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .	
1 Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '	
0 Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .	
0 Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .	
0 Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	
-1 Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .	
0 When you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .	
1 Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .	
-1 It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .	
0 You want to call Domino 's .	
0 The umpteenth summer skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .	
1 `` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''	
0 Chris Columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	
0 Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !	
0 The whole affair is as predictable as can be .	
0 The film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	
1 To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .	
0 But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	
0 Sheridan	
0 This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .	
0 But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	
0 About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .	
1 It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	
0 This is a very funny , heartwarming film .	
0 It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .	
0 I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	
0 For most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .	
1 With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	
-1 Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .	
0 The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have worn threadbare .	
1 Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	
0 ... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .	
0 What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .	
0 Cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .	
0 An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	
2 The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .	
0 Punitively affirmational parable .	
1 Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	
0 Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .	
1 Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	
0 This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .	
0 But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	
1 Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros .	
0 There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .	
1 A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	
0 It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .	
0 The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .	
0 It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	
2 The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	
0 An often unfunny romp .	
0 It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .	
0 Clever but not especially compelling .	
0 An EXIT sign , that is .	
1 It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .	
0 The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	
-1 ... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .	
0 Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .	
0 It drowns in sap .	
0 ` Rare Birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .	
1 A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .	
0 `` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .	
0 modeled	
0 Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .	
0 Bland but harmless .	
0 Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .	
0 A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .	
-1 It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	
1 No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .	
-1 The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	
0 The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	
1 Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .	
-1 What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	
0 I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	
0 There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	
0 I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	
0 There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .	
0 Action - mechanical .	
0 None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	
-1 An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	
0 Wait to see it then .	
0 None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .	
0 -- was a fad that had long since vanished .	
0 An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	
1 Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	
0 I found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .	
1 is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .	
-1 Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	
1 Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	
0 The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .	
-1 That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''	
-1 Solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .	
0 Includes too much obvious padding .	
1 Well , they 're ` they ' .	
0 Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .	
1 -LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .	
0 The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .	
2 For every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	
1 The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	
-1 As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .	
0 Alternately frustrating and rewarding .	
0 I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .	
0 It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	
0 Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .	
-1 It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	
0 -- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .	
0 Interesting , but not compelling .	
0 `` Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .	
1 An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .	
-1 The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	
0 Eh .	
0 Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	
-1 The film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .	
-1 -LRB- Stephen -RRB- Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .	
-1 Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	
0 Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .	
1 The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	
0 into Scrooge .	
-1 A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .	
0 A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	
1 -LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .	
0 But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	
0 All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .	
-1 A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .	
0 My own minority report is that it stinks .	
0 Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .	
1 A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .	
0 Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	
0 To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	
0 finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	
0 There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .	
-1 -LRB- Crystal and De Niro -RRB- manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .	
2 Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	
-1 ... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	
0 It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .	
0 Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .	
1 The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .	
0 Its sheer dynamism is infectious .	
0 Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .	
0 Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .	
-2 Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .	
1 With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	
1 A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .	
0 They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .	
0 It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	
0 A loquacious and dreary piece of business .	
-1 Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .	
0 waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	
0 Disturbing .	
0 But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .	
0 A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .	
-1 Strange it is , but delightfully so .	
0 A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...	
0 Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	
1 If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	
0 -LRB- A -RRB- slummer .	
0 Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .	
0 The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .	
0 For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	
0 On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	
0 The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .	
1 Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	
0 Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	
0 A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	
0 Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .	
0 Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .	
0 Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	
1 Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	
-1 Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	
0 ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...	
0 You can thank me for this .	
0 Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .	
0 Reassuring , retro uplifter .	
0 An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	
2 The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .	
0 Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	
1 The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	
0 TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	
0 Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?	
0 Lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects	
0 The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .	
0 Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .	
0 Everyone 's to blame here .	
1 Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	
0 the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	
-1 Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	
-2 Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	
-1 What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	
0 At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .	
0 Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .	
1 The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	
0 Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	
-1 Truly terrible .	
0 LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .	
-1 Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .	
0 Anemic , pretentious .	
-1 If the very concept makes you nervous ... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .	
-1 Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .	
-1 There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	
0 `` -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	
-1 The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	
1 The film is one of the year 's best .	
1 A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .	
0 Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .	
0 The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .	
0 One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	
0 What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .	
1 The film will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .	
0 Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !	
-1 Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .	
0 ... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	
0 Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	
0 In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	
0 The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .	
-1 Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .	
0 Good-naturedly cornball sequel .	
0 Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .	
-1 And that is where Ararat went astray .	
0 The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	
-1 Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .	
0 This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	
0 This movie got me grinning .	
0 The film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .	
0 One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .	
0 The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .	
0 ` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .	
0 Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	
0 This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .	
0 Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .	
0 Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .	
0 Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .	
1 The thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .	
0 This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	
-1 Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .	
-1 The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	
0 It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	
0 As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .	
0 A cockeyed shot all the way .	
0 Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	
0 Press the delete key .	
0 The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	
2 The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	
1 I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .	
1 At its best when the guarded , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .	
0 Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .	
-1 I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind .	
0 Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .	
0 It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !	
0 A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .	
1 It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	
-1 aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '	
1 One of the best , most understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .	
0 An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .	
0 It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul .	
0 Where the film falters is in its tone .	
0 Amazing !	
0 A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .	
1 Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?	
1 Hey , Happy !	
0 But here 's a movie about it anyway .	
0 Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .	
0 More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology ...	
0 A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	
0 -LRB- Kirshner wins , but it 's close . -RRB-	
1 Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	
1 The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .	
0 Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	
0 The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	
0 None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it is good for a laugh .	
0 The heat of the moment prevails .	
0 Wait for it to hit cable .	
0 Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	
0 -LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet .	
0 But they fascinate in their recklessness .	
1 If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .	
1 Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .	
-1 The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	
0 A timid , soggy near miss .	
0 hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	
-1 It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	
1 The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .	
0 Watching E.T now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .	
-1 If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .	
0 The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .	
0 Absurdities and	
1 A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	
0 A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	
0 A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .	
0 Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .	
0 Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	
0 The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .	
0 If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .	
0 Oh , look at that clever angle !	
3 A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .	
0 This version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .	
0 Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E !	
0 I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .	
-1 This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	
-1 There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	
-1 Only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .	
1 The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	
0 An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular .	
0 ... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	
0 Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	
0 Compellingly watchable .	
-2 Other than the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else is top shelf .	
0 This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .	
0 The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .	
0 Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .	
-1 Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .	
-1 It is n't scary .	
0 And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	
1 Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .	
0 Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .	
0 A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .	
-1 -LRB- It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	
1 If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .	
0 The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	
-1 Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	
0 A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .	
1 Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .	
1 This is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .	
0 Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	
2 Their work is fantastic .	
0 As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .	
-1 Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	
1 With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .	
0 near the end takes on a whole other meaning .	
-1 the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	
0 ` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '	
0 There is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .	
0 It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	
-3 LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .	
0 A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .	
0 Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .	
0 You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .	
1 About a Boy vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .	
0 ... a light , yet engrossing piece .	
-1 The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	
0 unpretentious , charming , quirky , original	
-1 Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	
0 The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .	
0 A dazzling dream of a documentary .	
0 An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	
1 The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson .	
1 Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .	
0 Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .	
0 Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle	
-1 Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	
0 The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .	
0 Pedro Rodrigues '	
0 A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	
-2 There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	
-1 All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .	
-2 A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	
0 Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	
0 In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition	
0 I wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .	
0 After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	
-1 We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	
-1 An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	
0 A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well .	
1 There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .	
0 Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	
0 Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .	
1 It still feels like a prison stretch .	
0 As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records .	
0 Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	
-1 In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .	
0 The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .	
0 After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .	
0 Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .	
0 In an ART FILM !	
0 The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	
0 A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .	
0 -LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in its laid-back way .	
-3 Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	
0 This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	
0 there is truth here	
2 The symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .	
0 I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .	
0 Otherwise , maybe .	
1 While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	
0 If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .	
-1 Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	
0 He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .	
-1 The premise of Jason X is silly but strangely believable .	
1 Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	
0 I will be .	
1 -LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .	
-1 What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	
0 Cold and scattered , Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .	
0 National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats .	
1 A well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .	
0 The film truly does rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows .	
0 Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	
-1 The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''	
2 A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	
0 If only there were one for this kind of movie .	
0 You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .	
0 Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible	
1 Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .	
1 Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .	
0 Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .	
1 At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	
-1 Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .	
0 It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .	
1 A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	
0 A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	
0 Renner ?	
0 For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .	
0 Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .	
0 She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .	
-1 Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .	
1 The actors are fantastic .	
0 It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	
-3 The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film .	
0 Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .	
0 But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .	
-2 Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	
-1 I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .	
1 By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	
-1 Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	
-1 Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .	
0 While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	
0 ` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	
0 This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	
0 This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .	
1 This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	
0 All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	
0 A beautifully observed character piece .	
0 Though it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .	
0 Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	
0 Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .	
1 In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .	
-1 Spare yet audacious ...	
2 With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .	
1 After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .	
0 Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	
0 Formuliac , but fun .	
1 What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	
0 The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	
1 As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	
0 Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	
-1 Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	
-3 This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '	
0 Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .	
0 The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	
0 An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	
0 This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	
0 There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .	
1 The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .	
-1 Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon .	
1 Go , girls , right down the reality drain .	
0 The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	
0 Funny and touching .	
0 There is nothing redeeming about this movie .	
0 It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .	
0 The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	
-1 It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .	
1 A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	
-1 A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	
1 If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X marks the spot .	
0 The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop	
-1 The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	
1 The film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .	
0 A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .	
2 Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .	
-1 One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .	
0 A film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	
0 An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	
1 ... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	
-1 This thing is virtually unwatchable .	
3 The movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .	
0 What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .	
0 And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .	
1 I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .	
0 Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view .	
0 The performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .	
-1 An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .	
0 Ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .	
0 It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .	
1 It 's just not very smart .	
0 It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .	
1 Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	
0 A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .	
0 But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	
0 Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	
0 Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	
0 Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	
0 The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .	
0 For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .	
0 A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .	
-1 A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .	
0 The tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	
0 And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .	
-1 Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	
0 Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	
0 Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .	
0 With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .	
0 The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .	
0 I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .	
2 All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .	
0 DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .	
0 Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .	
1 ... gripping and handsome execution , -LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .	
0 I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	
0 An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .	
-1 ... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''	
0 Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .	
-1 Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .	
0 The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .	
0 It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	
0 The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .	
-1 There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .	
1 Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .	
0 Alas , another breathless movie about same !	
1 -LRB- Reaches -RRB- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .	
1 If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .	
0 In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but it is a respectable sequel .	
0 A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	
0 Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .	
-2 This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .	
0 Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !	
0 `` Red Dragon '' is entertaining .	
0 Quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .	
0 It winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .	
1 An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it .	
-2 Fear permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .	
0 As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .	
0 Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	
0 You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .	
-1 Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker .	
1 Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .	
0 Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	
0 Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .	
0 These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .	
0 Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .	
1 This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .	
-1 Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	
0 Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .	
0 Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either .	
0 No. .	
0 To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	
-1 It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .	
1 At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	
0 You have to see it .	
1 If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	
0 A tasty slice of droll whimsy .	
0 ... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .	
0 Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .	
0 Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .	
0 Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .	
0 The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .	
-1 With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	
0 The film oozes craft .	
0 Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	
0 Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .	
0 There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .	
0 But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	
0 Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	
0 Uplifting , funny and wise .	
1 Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .	
0 A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	
1 These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .	
1 Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	
1 It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .	
-1 ... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .	
-1 A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	
1 That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB- ...	
0 Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .	
0 World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .	
0 You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .	
0 Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	
2 A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	
0 Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	
0 Yes , soar .	
0 A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	
0 Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	
-1 Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .	
1 has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	
0 Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	
0 A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .	
0 A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	
2 One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	
0 Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .	
0 It seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .	
0 Oops , she 's really done it this time .	
1 The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	
0 Jackson is always watchable .	
1 Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	
-1 Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .	
2 -LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	
2 It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	
0 Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .	
0 A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .	
0 Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .	
1 Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	
-1 In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	
0 While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .	
-1 The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .	
0 It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .	
0 Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .	
1 Seems like someone going through the motions .	
0 While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	
2 And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	
0 The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .	
-1 The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .	
-1 At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	
0 What is the filmmakers ' point ?	
1 Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	
0 Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .	
0 Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .	
-1 The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	
1 Many of Benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .	
1 There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .	
1 The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .	
-1 An ugly , revolting movie .	
-1 It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	
2 Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	
0 The main problem being that it 's only a peek .	
0 As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	
0 But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	
1 Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .	
1 This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	
-3 It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	
-2 The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .	
1 It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	
1 If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .	
0 Wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand .	
2 All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .	
0 `` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	
0 This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	
0 A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .	
0 A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	
0 Ram Dass Fierce Grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .	
0 A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	
1 So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .	
0 Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	
-1 It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success .	
0 And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	
0 The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .	
0 A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	
1 Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	
1 Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	
1 Rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .	
0 Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .	
0 A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	
0 To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...	
0 ... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	
0 Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .	
0 An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	
-1 It 's still terrible !	
0 Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .	
0 Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	
0 A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .	
-1 Oddly compelling .	
-1 A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	
0 Certainly the performances are worthwhile .	
-2 Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .	
0 It trusts the story it sets out to tell .	
-1 Bad company .	
0 An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	
1 A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	
1 Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	
0 ... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .	
0 Alain Choquart 's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .	
0 The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .	
0 A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	
-1 The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space	
0 Every joke is repeated at least four times .	
0 What you end up getting is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .	
0 Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .	
0 Noyce has worked wonders with the material .	
-2 Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '	
0 , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .	
0 You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	
-1 Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .	
0 On a certain base level , Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .	
1 Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .	
-2 The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	
0 That 's because relatively nothing happens .	
0 ` Snow Dogs ' has both .	
0 A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .	
0 The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .	
0 The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .	
0 Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence .	
3 As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	
-2 Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	
0 Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	
0 Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .	
0 It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .	
1 One of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	
0 A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	
0 ... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...	
2 The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .	
1 With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .	
-1 The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .	
-1 ... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .	
0 A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .	
0 ... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	
1 The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .	
1 There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel .	
-1 Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .	
1 What begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .	
0 Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	
1 A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	
0 The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .	
-1 It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors .	
0 Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the Ball and Chain .	
0 One of the funnier movies in town .	
2 The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '	
-1 American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .	
1 An elegant film	
1 An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .	
-1 A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	
0 A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .	
2 Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	
0 Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	
0 Film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .	
0 It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .	
0 A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .	
-1 Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	
-1 Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	
0 There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .	
-1 The movie turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .	
2 Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .	
0 Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .	
1 The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .	
0 That is because - damn it !	
0 It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	
0 What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .	
1 This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .	
0 No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .	
0 Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .	
0 When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .	
1 But it 's worth the concentration .	
1 Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	
0 But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	
0 It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	
1 The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	
1 A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .	
1 It is a movie about passion .	
0 Certainly .	
1 But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	
0 Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	
0 ... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .	
2 This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .	
0 A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .	
0 Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	
1 This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .	
-1 The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	
-1 This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .	
0 Gently humorous and touching .	
0 At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .	
1 It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	
1 Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .	
0 When the twist endings were actually surprising ?	
-2 Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	
0 The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .	
0 Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .	
0 A compelling film .	
1 The movie is well done , but slow .	
0 It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .	
-1 Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	
-2 `` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .	
0 I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming .	
0 No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .	
-1 Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .	
-1 The worst film of the year .	
2 ` Christian Bale 's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '	
-2 The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	
1 Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .	
0 Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .	
0 A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .	
-2 Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .	
0 The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	
0 Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .	
-1 Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .	
0 Yet the act is still charming here .	
-1 The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	
-2 It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...	
-1 He drags it back , single-handed .	
0 It may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ...	
1 A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	
0 A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by Epps .	
0 of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation	
0 Often hilarious .	
-2 I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	
4 An elegant work , Food of Love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .	
0 The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	
0 Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .	
-2 ... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .	
0 It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .	
1 I like it .	
0 On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .	
0 It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .	
0 This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .	
0 Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	
0 Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .	
1 A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .	
1 Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	
0 The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	
-1 Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	
0 Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .	
0 Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .	
-1 At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	
0 Or for the year , for that matter .	
0 I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .	
-1 It 's just merely very bad .	
0 the shackles	
2 Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .	
1 You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	
0 Some movies blend together as they become distant memories .	
-1 Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	
0 Chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '	
1 Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .	
0 It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .	
0 And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	
-1 As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	
0 They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	
0 For all the dolorous trim , Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .	
1 Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .	
-2 A taut , sobering film .	
2 Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .	
0 A muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .	
2 The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .	
0 But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	
0 Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	
0 One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .	
0 A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .	
-1 Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	
0 Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .	
0 Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	
0 Exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named Kaos .	
1 Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	
0 It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	
0 ... unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .	
0 Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .	
1 ... the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''	
0 Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget .	
1 It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''	
0 But it would be better to wait for the video .	
0 Delirious fun .	
1 There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	
0 Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .	
0 There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	
2 A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .	
-1 `` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	
-1 ... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...	
1 This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .	
0 Auto Focus is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic .	
-1 `` Not really as bad as you might think ! ''	
0 Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .	
0 Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .	
2 One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .	
0 I saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .	
0 Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	
-1 What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .	
-1 ... they missed the boat .	
0 Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	
-1 As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .	
1 A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	
0 ... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	
-1 Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	
-1 Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	
0 And Vin Diesel is the man .	
0 Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	
0 While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .	
1 Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .	
0 It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .	
0 ... a bland , pretentious mess .	
0 The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	
1 Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .	
-1 The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .	
0 Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .	
0 Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	
0 The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	
0 Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	
0 An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .	
0 ` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .	
0 Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .	
0 She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	
0 Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	
3 It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .	
1 At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .	
-1 Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	
0 -LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	
0 I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .	
0 I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again	
2 Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	
0 Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .	
0 I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	
0 Tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	
0 Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	
0 And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .	
-1 You just know something terrible is going to happen .	
0 Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .	
0 Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .	
0 Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '	
-1 This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .	
0 A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	
0 Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	
0 is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation .	
1 For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .	
0 The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .	
1 For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .	
0 Not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .	
0 would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .	
0 This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	
2 If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .	
-1 Poignant and delicately complex .	
1 Intriguing and stylish .	
0 It was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .	
-1 It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	
-1 The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .	
1 A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .	
0 With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .	
0 However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .	
-1 The central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .	
1 What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .	
2 Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	
0 Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	
0 You get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that .	
0 O.K. , not really .	
0 Both deserve better .	
0 Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	
0 A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	
0 The film has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .	
0 Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .	
0 Even kids deserve better .	
0 That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	
-1 Meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .	
0 Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .	
0 Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .	
-1 Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	
1 If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	
0 `` I blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father .	
0 If you do n't laugh , flee .	
1 that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	
0 On its own , it 's not very interesting .	
1 Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	
0 The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges .	
0 The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .	
-2 The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .	
0 Five screenwriters	
0 About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .	
0 Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .	
0 Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .	
0 Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .	
0 One of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .	
0 Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .	
0 Boring and meandering .	
1 No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .	
2 The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	
0 Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .	
0 Why ?	
0 Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	
0 It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	
-1 A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	
0 Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .	
0 A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .	
0 -LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .	
0 Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	
-1 The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .	
1 Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .	
-2 Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	
0 The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .	
0 The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	
0 Throw Smoochy from the train !	
1 If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	
0 De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .	
-1 Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .	
-1 Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	
0 A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	
1 In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	
0 It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .	
0 Secretary is not a movie about fetishism .	
1 ` Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '	
0 A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .	
-1 More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	
0 The only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits .	
-2 What the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	
-1 The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB- genre a bad name .	
0 an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? ''	
0 ... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .	
1 A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .	
0 ... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .	
1 Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .	
0 At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .	
0 Warmed-over hash .	
0 It was a dark and stormy night ...	
-2 Drowning 's too good for this sucker .	
0 A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .	
1 At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .	
0 Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	
-2 For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .	
1 A true-blue delight .	
1 Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .	
-1 Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .	
0 Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	
0 Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	
1 It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first .	
0 It 's not hateful .	
1 The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .	
0 Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .	
0 With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	
1 One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .	
1 Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	
0 It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .	
0 The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .	
-1 In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .	
0 ... a pretentious mess ...	
1 -LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .	
0 The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	
0 -LRB- At least -RRB- Moore is a real charmer .	
0 ... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	
2 All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .	
0 A thriller without a lot of thrills .	
0 Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	
0 You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .	
0 It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	
0 As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	
-1 Enigma lacks it .	
0 Poetic , heartbreaking .	
0 Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .	
0 And it is .	
0 In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .	
-1 Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	
0 The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .	
0 Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .	
0 An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	
0 ... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .	
0 Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	
1 Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	
0 Famuyiwa 's feature	
0 Ruh-roh !	
0 A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	
0 directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name	
0 A dreary indulgence .	
0 A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .	
0 As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	
1 I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .	
0 It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .	
0 Though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .	
2 When the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .	
0 Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .	
1 The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .	
0 One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	
-1 Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	
0 is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .	
1 It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .	
2 For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	
1 Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .	
1 Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .	
0 Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	
0 The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .	
0 An enjoyable above average summer diversion .	
-1 So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .	
0 The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and that too becomes off-putting .	
0 It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	
-2 Laughably , irredeemably awful .	
0 Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	
0 Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .	
1 The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .	
2 Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...	
1 Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	
0 I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed .	
1 What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?	
1 A quaint , romanticized rendering .	
1 The dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '	
1 A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .	
0 An empty , purposeless exercise .	
-1 Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .	
1 A lot smarter than your average Bond .	
-2 Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	
0 A French film with a more down-home flavor .	
1 The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .	
0 It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	
1 Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?	
1 His best film remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .	
0 Director David Jacobson gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .	
-1 Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .	
-1 Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .	
0 The sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .	
-1 What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	
-1 Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .	
0 underventilated	
-1 Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	
0 For 95 often hilarious minutes	
0 It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	
0 The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	
0 Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .	
-1 Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	
0 ... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .	
0 Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .	
0 fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten	
0 Deliciously slow .	
0 To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	
0 Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .	
0 Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .	
0 An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .	
1 An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	
0 An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .	
1 Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .	
0 Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .	
1 Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .	
0 A wordy wisp of a comedy .	
-1 A punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .	
1 Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .	
1 she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile	
0 The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	
0 Bring on the sequel .	
0 -LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but Spacey 's .	
0 The date movie that Franz Kafka would have made .	
1 This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .	
0 Frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for .	
0 We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again .	
0 Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made , Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	
0 Mild , meandering teen flick .	
0 Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .	
1 An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .	
0 A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...	
0 ... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around .	
0 Exposing the ways we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .	
-3 Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	
0 Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	
0 A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	
-1 Basically , it 's pretty but dumb .	
-1 -LRB- A -RRB- soulless , stupid sequel ...	
1 The low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	
1 The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .	
0 It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	
-1 They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	
1 He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	
0 Full of surprises .	
0 Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .	
0 Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .	
0 Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .	
1 About Amy 's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men .	
0 Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .	
1 Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .	
0 Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .	
0 A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	
0 Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .	
0 LaBute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .	
0 A charmer from Belgium .	
0 I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie .	
1 Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .	
-1 Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .	
0 Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .	
0 Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	
1 At its best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .	
-1 Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .	
1 If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus , Sade is your film .	
1 To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	
0 Arnold !	
1 Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise .	
1 There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .	
1 Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	
0 It bites hard .	
0 If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .	
0 Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .	
0 This is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .	
-1 It understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .	
0 It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .	
0 ... strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	
-1 Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .	
0 while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .	
1 is one of this year 's very best pictures .	
0 Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .	
-3 Mostly , -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .	
0 jumps around with little logic or continuity ,	
0 A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .	
0 Visually striking and viscerally repellent .	
0 Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .	
2 The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .	
0 The tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .	
0 But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns ... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .	
0 Benigni 's Pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .	
-1 A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .	
-1 It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .	
0 Great dragons !	
0 A small movie with a big impact .	
0 Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	
0 Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .	
0 -- but certainly hard to hate .	
0 In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	
-1 The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	
1 Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .	
0 An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .	
0 Who knew ...	
0 Beautifully produced .	
0 Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time .	
0 A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	
1 It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette .	
1 Grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .	
-1 Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .	
1 One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	
1 A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .	
0 The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	
0 -LRB- City -RRB- reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year .	
0 would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '	
0 Harmless fun .	
1 Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .	
0 The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	
0 ... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .	
2 The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	
1 Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	
0 Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .	
1 Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	
1 Criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama .	
0 With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .	
-1 Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .	
0 It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .	
0 Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .	
0 First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .	
0 A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	
0 This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .	
1 ` All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . '	
2 Sunshine State surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .	
0 With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .	
0 An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	
0 It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .	
0 You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .	
1 The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .	
0 You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .	
-1 A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .	
-1 Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .	
0 A moving picture that does not move .	
-1 Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	
-1 Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .	
1 Hatosy ... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .	
1 A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .	
1 ... Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .	
1 Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .	
2 Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .	
0 Naipaul fans may be disappointed .	
0 The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	
0 A beautiful , entertaining two hours .	
0 Enough said , except : Film overboard !	
0 Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	
0 For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .	
-1 Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	
-1 Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	
0 A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .	
0 With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .	
0 Life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .	
0 As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .	
0 It is there to give them a good time .	
1 Sly , sophisticated and surprising .	
-1 All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .	
1 Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .	
0 Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .	
0 This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	
0 In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .	
2 The movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .	
0 Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	
0 Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .	
0 Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .	
0 A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	
0 The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	
0 Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	
1 The entire cast is extraordinarily good .	
2 Like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .	
0 Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?	
1 Cho 's timing is priceless .	
0 Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .	
0 It 's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .	
-1 ... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .	
0 Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry .	
0 Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	
0 It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .	
0 This is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .	
0 ... Ice Age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12 .	
1 One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .	
0 A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .	
-1 A flawed but engrossing thriller .	
-1 Both damning and damned compelling .	
1 The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .	
-1 ... creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology .	
1 To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	
0 A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .	
1 A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	
0 It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB- .	
0 The Four Feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .	
0 A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .	
0 It 's never dull and always looks good .	
0 Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	
1 Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .	
0 Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .	
0 likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	
0 What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	
0 Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	
0 Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .	
-1 This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	
0 Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	
0 Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .	
1 The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	
1 May puzzle his most ardent fans .	
0 You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	
0 Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .	
-2 The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .	
1 Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .	
0 It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	
0 A little objectivity could have gone a long way .	
-1 The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .	
-1 Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	
-1 ... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .	
-1 A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	
-1 The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	
-1 The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ?	
1 None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	
1 Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .	
-2 In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	
0 I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .	
1 Worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .	
0 If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	
0 There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .	
0 There 's already been too many of these films ...	
0 Almost peerlessly unsettling .	
0 Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .	
1 A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .	
1 Go for La Salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .	
0 ... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	
0 It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?	
0 Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .	
0 It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	
-1 Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	
0 A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .	
0 -LRB- A -RRB- rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .	
1 If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	
0 As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	
0 But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	
4 Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .	
1 There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings .	
0 Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	
0 Amazingly dopey .	
-1 It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	
0 A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	
0 The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .	
-1 The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	
1 Comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	
0 -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- most resonant film since The Killer .	
0 Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .	
1 Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	
1 In a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	
1 A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	
-1 The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	
-1 The director , Mark Pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .	
-1 -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .	
0 Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	
-1 While the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .	
1 Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .	
0 Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .	
1 A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .	
-1 From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	
0 ... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .	
0 For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	
0 More tiring than anything .	
0 If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''	
0 Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .	
-1 On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	
0 Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	
1 ... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .	
0 When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	
0 Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .	
0 A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	
0 Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .	
1 Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	
1 Daring and beautifully made .	
0 An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	
0 Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	
1 At no point during K-19 : The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .	
0 A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .	
1 The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .	
0 When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	
0 The movie 's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .	
0 There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	
2 a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film	
0 Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .	
3 Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	
0 Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .	
0 in period costume and with a bigger budget .	
0 But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	
0 A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	
-3 The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .	
-1 Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	
0 When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '	
1 For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .	
0 The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	
0 Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	
0 Pretty good little movie .	
0 The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .	
-1 Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .	
0 Initially gripping , eventually cloying POW drama .	
0 Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	
0 Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .	
-1 Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -LRB- Harris -RRB- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman .	
-1 Just plain silly .	
0 When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	
-1 There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .	
-1 This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .	
0 A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .	
0 imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor	
-1 It 's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .	
0 This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	
0 Deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	
0 All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	
-1 The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .	
-1 Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .	
2 A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	
0 Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .	
-3 Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .	
1 A three-hour cinema master class .	
1 Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .	
2 If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .	
-1 While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	
0 More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	
-1 Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .	
0 Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .	
0 Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .	
-1 You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	
0 I did n't smile .	
0 While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	
1 Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .	
0 Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	
0 Was I scared ?	
0 But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .	
0 It 's funny .	
0 A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .	
0 Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	
0 MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	
0 This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !	
-1 Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales , Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	
0 No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	
0 In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	
0 You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	
-1 Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	
0 It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .	
-1 Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	
0 Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	
0 I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls	
0 It 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .	
0 C'mon !	
0 Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	
1 This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	
1 Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	
1 Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .	
0 An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .	
0 You have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .	
0 All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .	
1 The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .	
1 Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .	
0 There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	
0 It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	
0 The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	
0 Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .	
1 A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .	
-1 Sure , I hated myself in the morning .	
3 A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	
0 Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	
0 Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	
0 Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	
0 Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .	
1 As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	
0 foreshadowing	
0 This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .	
0 Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .	
-1 Terrible .	
0 Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	
1 The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .	
0 Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show .	
0 Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?	
0 Dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .	
0 An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .	
-1 Even if The Ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .	
0 The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .	
1 An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	
1 A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .	
0 ... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be	
0 It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex .	
0 By-the-numbers yarn .	
0 Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .	
0 A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	
-1 Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	
0 The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .	
0 Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .	
2 Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .	
1 Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	
0 Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .	
0 An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	
1 A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '	
0 If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .	
0 Lightweight but appealing .	
2 Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	
-1 A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .	
0 That 's fun for kids of any age .	
1 Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	
-2 Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .	
1 Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .	
1 An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	
0 Neatly constructed thriller .	
0 One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	
1 The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .	
0 The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .	
0 Cool .	
1 `` Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .	
1 This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows .	
-1 The first half bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .	
0 A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .	
0 Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	
0 The film has a childlike quality about it .	
0 There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	
0 Broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .	
0 -LRB- There 's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .	
0 Never inspires more than an interested detachment .	
-1 Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .	
0 If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	
0 Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .	
0 A grating , emaciated flick .	
-1 Dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .	
-1 It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .	
0 What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .	
0 The Master of Disguise is awful .	
0 Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .	
0 A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .	
0 -LRB- The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	
0 Troubling and powerful .	
-1 Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	
0 What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .	
0 Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	
1 -LRB- Stevens is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	
0 Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .	
0 Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	
-1 A sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .	
0 A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	
-1 It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	
0 A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	
0 Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .	
1 Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	
0 Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	
0 An intriguing near-miss .	
-1 Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	
1 ... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	
0 Sometimes shorter is better .	
1 Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	
0 David Spade as Citizen Kane ?	
0 It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .	
1 A glorious mess .	
0 Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .	
0 ... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .	
1 Pratfalls aside , Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	
0 tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''	
0 Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	
-1 A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .	
3 Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	
-1 But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .	
1 Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .	
0 This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	
0 Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	
1 It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .	
0 Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring .	
-1 `` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	
3 This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	
0 Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .	
0 A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	
1 The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve .	
0 The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .	
0 Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .	
1 Like Edward Norton in American History X , Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .	
1 If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	
0 But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	
0 As relationships shift , director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	
-1 Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .	
0 A minor work yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .	
0 Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .	
2 Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	
0 The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .	
0 Is truth stranger than fiction ?	
-1 Although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	
0 It 's a masterpeice .	
-1 Diverting French comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .	
2 A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .	
0 Feels untidily honest .	
-1 No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .	
0 Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .	
0 A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	
1 The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	
0 S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .	
0 It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .	
0 -LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .	
0 The Cat 's Meow marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...	
0 The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	
1 The limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .	
0 Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .	
0 But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .	
0 Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .	
1 Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	
0 Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable	
0 The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	
-1 This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .	
0 Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	
1 The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .	
-1 Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	
0 If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .	
0 This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .	
0 Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	
0 He has a great cast and a great idea .	
0 Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .	
-1 The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	
1 Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .	
1 ` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .	
0 A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .	
0 The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	
0 The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .	
0 The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	
0 Witless but watchable .	
0 A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .	
1 The charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .	
-1 A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	
0 Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	
0 A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .	
1 Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	
-1 With so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	
-1 -LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	
0 What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .	
-1 The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .	
0 One thing is for sure : This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou .	
0 `` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .	
0 Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	
0 One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	
0 Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .	
0 The most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland .	
0 The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	
-1 A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa 1958 .	
0 Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .	
1 Visually captivating .	
0 Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .	
0 While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	
-1 The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .	
-1 Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	
0 Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	
0 Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	
0 A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .	
-1 One of the worst movies of the year .	
1 Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .	
0 Predictably soulless techno-tripe .	
0 This English-language version ... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .	
-1 The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?	
1 Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .	
0 Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	
0 It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .	
0 I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	
0 It 's a quirky , off-beat project .	
1 We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	
0 Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .	
1 As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .	
0 The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .	
0 Viva le Resistance !	
0 Every child 's story is what matters .	
0 Spend your Benjamins on a matinee .	
0 ... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .	
0 A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	
0 The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .	
0 If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .	
1 The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	
0 Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '	
0 Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .	
0 I have n't laughed that hard in years !	
1 With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .	
1 The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '	
2 The movie is well crafted , and well executed .	
2 It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .	
-1 Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	
1 Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	
0 Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	
-1 The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .	
0 Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .	
1 What 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?	
0 Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	
1 Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .	
0 Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .	
0 The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .	
-1 A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .	
0 The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .	
1 A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...	
0 For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .	
1 If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	
0 -LRB- Gayton 's script -RRB- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .	
1 No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .	
0 This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .	
1 Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .	
0 What 's next ?	
-1 If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .	
0 If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .	
1 Earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .	
0 Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	
0 Pipe Dream does have its charms .	
-1 What could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .	
1 Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him .	
0 Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bogs down in genre cliches here .	
1 A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	
0 But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .	
1 From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	
-1 -LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .	
0 But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .	
0 Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	
0 Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	
1 A genuine mind-bender .	
0 This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	
0 An unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .	
0 Ultimately , Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .	
0 It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .	
0 It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .	
0 Nothing too deep or substantial .	
0 Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	
0 A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .	
0 Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	
-2 Despite its flaws , Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .	
1 A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .	
1 The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .	
0 The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	
1 Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .	
1 While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .	
1 The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .	
1 A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	
0 A coming-of-age film	
1 Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .	
0 Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	
0 Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	
0 What I saw , I enjoyed .	
-2 The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .	
0 Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .	
0 A sentimental mess that never rings true .	
1 Some episodes work , some do n't .	
1 For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .	
-1 Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	
-1 Pompous and garbled .	
0 A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	
0 Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	
0 Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	
0 But it was n't .	
0 Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	
0 This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .	
0 Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	
0 But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	
1 A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	
1 Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .	
0 If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .	
1 A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .	
2 My Wife Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple .	
0 It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	
0 Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .	
0 Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	
-1 Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	
-2 Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	
0 The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .	
0 A crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .	
1 Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	
1 Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .	
0 The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	
1 What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	
0 Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	
1 Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .	
0 I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	
0 Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	
2 Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	
0 A humorless journey into a philosophical void .	
0 The movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .	
-2 The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .	
0 An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .	
0 The drama discloses almost nothing .	
0 It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style .	
0 Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .	
-1 The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	
2 A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .	
1 Unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .	
-1 A relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .	
0 Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .	
1 The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	
1 This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	
0 Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	
-1 My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	
-1 In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	
0 You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	
1 Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	
0 Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here .	
1 She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	
0 Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .	
0 If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	
0 The comedy makes social commentary more palatable .	
0 A film that loses sight of its own story .	
0 Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	
0 Funny , though .	
-1 Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .	
1 A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .	
1 Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	
1 I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	
0 We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	
-1 Too bad .	
0 But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...	
0 By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	
0 Many insightful moments .	
-1 Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .	
0 It never is , not fully .	
0 ... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	
0 There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .	
0 But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .	
0 Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else .	
1 Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	
-1 Really dumb but occasionally really funny .	
0 Does n't really add up to much .	
-1 Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams , trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies .	
1 Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	
0 Has a solid emotional impact .	
0 One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .	
-1 Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .	
0 The same should go for movie theaters .	
0 Where 's the movie here ?	
0 You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	
-1 Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .	
0 ... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	
0 Good performances keep it from being a total rehash .	
0 What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .	
0 The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .	
-1 A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .	
2 Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	
0 Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	
0 Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	
0 At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	
0 He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .	
0 I did n't laugh .	
0 In this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .	
0 There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	
0 The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	
-1 -LRB- A -RRB- stuporously solemn film .	
0 It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .	
-1 This is a truly , truly bad movie .	
0 Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?	
0 The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	
0 Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	
0 Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	
0 It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .	
-1 At times , it actually hurts to watch .	
0 Shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	
0 Y	
0 The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .	
0 Would I see it again ?	
0 Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	
0 The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .	
0 Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-	
0 A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	
0 It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .	
-1 Lacks depth .	
1 A tremendous piece of work .	
1 What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	
0 I do n't think so .	
0 Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	
0 Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .	
0 A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	
-1 Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .	
-2 What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .	
2 Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	
0 `` What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .	
0 ... hypnotically dull .	
1 A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	
0 She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .	
0 It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .	
0 Even though many of these guys are less than adorable -LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .	
0 As it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .	
-1 Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	
0 `` Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .	
-1 It 's Pauly Shore awful .	
-1 Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .	
0 Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .	
1 The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .	
0 Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	
0 Overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .	
0 Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences is debatable .	
0 The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	
0 Odd and weird .	
0 This is not an easy film .	
0 Simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .	
0 ... overly melodramatic ...	
-1 A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .	
-1 In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .	
1 You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	
1 Jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .	
0 Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	
1 Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .	
-2 The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	
0 Samuel Beckett applied to the Iranian voting process .	
0 There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .	
-1 A full-frontal attack on audience patience .	
1 This is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	
0 When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	
1 A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	
0 A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	
0 , with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .	
0 This is a film living far too much in its own head .	
-1 The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .	
1 An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?	
0 Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	
0 Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...	
0 ending .	
0 Fairly run-of-the-mill .	
0 Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .	
0 Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .	
1 Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop is tuned in to its community .	
0 The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .	
0 Tends to plod .	
1 Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .	
0 Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .	
1 The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	
-1 For all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .	
0 The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .	
0 In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .	
1 Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	
0 It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .	
1 The script is smart , not cloying .	
0 Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	
0 ... the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .	
0 You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .	
0 Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	
0 Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	
1 PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	
2 A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .	
2 Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .	
-1 The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .	
0 Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?	
0 True Hollywood Story .	
0 The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .	
-1 ` You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .	
0 I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .	
0 That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .	
1 Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .	
0 A lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .	
1 In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .	
0 There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	
1 -LRB- A -RRB- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .	
0 ... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .	
2 Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	
0 Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .	
0 It does give you a peek .	
-1 Feels shrill , simple and soapy .	
0 A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .	
0 The film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .	
1 Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .	
0 A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .	
0 Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .	
0 Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	
0 Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	
0 The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	
-1 Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	
1 With lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .	
1 Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	
-1 Aggravating and tedious .	
1 An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .	
0 Frank Capra played this story straight .	
0 Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .	
1 Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	
0 Obvious .	
0 Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .	
0 Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	
0 The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .	
0 Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	
0 It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''	
1 4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .	
1 A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	
0 Warm and exotic .	
1 Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	
1 From beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .	
0 The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	
-1 overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	
2 Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too .	
-1 Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	
0 -LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .	
0 The Pinochet Case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .	
-1 However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .	
0 Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .	
3 All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	
2 Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	
0 He 's worked too hard on this movie .	
-1 If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	
-1 The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .	
0 Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .	
0 It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .	
0 Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us	
0 it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart	
0 Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	
0 a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing	
0 about the hard-partying	
1 But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .	
1 A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	
2 This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '	
0 More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	
0 No surprises .	
1 It is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .	
1 The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	
-1 The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	
0 Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation .	
0 With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .	
0 -LRB- While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .	
0 Both the crime story and the love story are unusual .	
0 Every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .	
1 Well , it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .	
1 Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	
-1 Moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	
-1 Routine and rather silly .	
0 ` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	
0 He gets his secretary to fax it . ''	
1 Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	
1 Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant .	
1 If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	
0 There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .	
0 As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	
2 -LRB- Reynolds -RRB- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	
0 A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	
0 I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .	
0 The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	
-2 The images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .	
0 Just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .	
0 A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	
0 Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .	
0 The film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .	
0 At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage .	
1 It 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .	
0 For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	
0 A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .	
0 The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	
0 Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible .	
-1 With its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .	
0 These characters become wearisome .	
0 Earnest but heavy-handed .	
2 Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	
0 -LRB- Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .	
-2 But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	
0 Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	
1 The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels	
0 Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	
0 May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .	
0 is a mess .	
0 The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	
0 Surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .	
0 A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .	
0 Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	
1 Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .	
1 Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	
1 Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .	
2 In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .	
0 There 's no energy .	
-1 Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .	
1 So unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .	
0 I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .	
-1 You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .	
-1 Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	
0 There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .	
0 It says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .	
0 This Scarlet 's letter is A. . .	
0 I prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .	
0 A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	
-1 Bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .	
0 A charming but slight comedy .	
0 ... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	
1 A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .	
1 The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .	
1 If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .	
0 Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .	
-2 Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	
-1 Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .	
0 Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .	
0 Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	
0 What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	
-1 The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	
-1 But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .	
-1 a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	
1 Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	
0 A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	
0 What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	
-1 Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?	
0 Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .	
2 Happy Times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	
0 As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .	
-1 A bad movie that happened to good actors .	
-1 It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	
-1 Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .	
-1 The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .	
0 Sean Penn , you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .	
1 There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .	
-1 Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .	
0 My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	
1 So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	
2 Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	
0 is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	
0 If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .	
1 A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	
0 Spare but quietly effective retelling .	
1 Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off	
0 Though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .	
0 This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	
1 a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .	
1 It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .	
0 What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .	
-1 It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .	
0 The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .	
2 Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .	
0 Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	
0 While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	
0 Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .	
1 Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .	
0 Even more baffling is that it 's funny .	
0 An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .	
0 Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	
0 There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	
0 A very capable nailbiter .	
0 It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .	
0 The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phones RINGING .	
-1 But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .	
1 Soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .	
0 It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	
-1 Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	
-1 Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	
-2 Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	
1 Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	
1 Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .	
-1 The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .	
-1 The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	
-2 It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	
1 Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .	
0 At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .	
0 A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	
0 Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	
2 Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	
0 ... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	
0 It is also beautifully acted .	
0 Incoherence reigns .	
-1 The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	
1 77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .	
0 a joyous occasion	
0 more precious than perspicacious	
0 -LRB- T -RRB- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .	
1 Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .	
0 A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	
-1 The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	
-1 This harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .	
1 While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .	
-1 That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	
0 A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .	
0 A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .	
0 At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	
2 Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	
-1 Robin Williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .	
0 This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	
0 For a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?	
0 The film grows on you .	
0 Imperfect ?	
-1 Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .	
0 On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .	
0 Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .	
0 Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .	
1 Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .	
1 Elegant , mannered and teasing .	
0 Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .	
0 I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	
0 It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	
0 ... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...	
0 ... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	
0 Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .	
0 This kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	
0 If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	
-1 It provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza .	
0 Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .	
0 You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	
1 The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	
0 It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	
0 The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .	
0 It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	
0 Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .	
0 It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .	
0 With its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment	
1 Enticing and often funny documentary .	
0 Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	
0 Here 's my advice , Kev .	
2 Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	
1 The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	
-1 turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	
1 Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	
0 But , no , we get another scene , and then another .	
0 Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .	
-1 There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .	
0 -LRB- Javier Bardem is -RRB- one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama .	
0 Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .	
0 The script ?	
0 No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .	
0 The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	
0 A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .	
0 ... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	
0 Oh , James !	
-1 The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .	
1 The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .	
-1 The movie is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .	
0 The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	
-1 Too silly to take seriously .	
0 It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .	
0 Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	
1 It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	
0 There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	
1 once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	
2 It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .	
1 Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	
-1 The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .	
0 It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .	
-1 With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	
0 ... is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ?	
0 The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .	
0 The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .	
0 An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	
0 A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	
2 -LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .	
-1 This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .	
0 We have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .	
0 The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .	
0 If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hits home with disorienting force .	
1 Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .	
0 Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''	
0 Exciting documentary .	
0 As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .	
1 Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .	
2 What makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .	
0 And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .	
0 In its own way	
0 The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	
1 If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .	
-2 An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	
-2 Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .	
0 How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	
-2 While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	
1 An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .	
-1 Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .	
0 In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	
0 Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	
1 It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .	
-1 If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .	
0 Sluggish , tonally uneven .	
0 The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight .	
2 The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	
0 A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .	
0 A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	
0 entertaining enough , but nothing new	
1 Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .	
-1 Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	
0 Something for everyone .	
-1 The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	
0 A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	
1 Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	
0 Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	
0 Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .	
0 ... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .	
0 Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .	
0 Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	
0 Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-	
0 A small gem from Belgium .	
0 Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .	
-2 In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	
1 For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	
3 Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '	
1 Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .	
-1 The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .	
0 While Hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .	
-2 It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	
0 Otto-Sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .	
0 An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	
1 A jaw-droppingly beautiful work	
-1 A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .	
0 There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	
0 A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	
2 An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .	
1 This is a movie you can trust .	
0 Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .	
-1 ` Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .	
1 -LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .	
-1 Not bad , but not all that good .	
0 Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	
0 Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .	
1 For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	
1 The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .	
2 Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	
0 Bravado Kathy !	
0 About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .	
-1 A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .	
0 There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...	
-1 Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .	
0 Absolutely not .	
0 The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .	
0 The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	
0 In the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .	
0 It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .	
0 Spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	
2 Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	
0 It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	
1 High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .	
0 Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .	
0 A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	
0 The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .	
2 With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	
0 A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .	
-1 As spent screen series go , Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .	
0 Not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .	
-1 ... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .	
-1 Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .	
1 There are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .	
1 It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter .	
-2 Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .	
-2 A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	
-1 This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	
-1 A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	
2 In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	
0 The funny thing is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .	
-1 The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	
0 With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .	
0 -LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .	
1 A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	
0 While kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .	
1 Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .	
0 It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .	
0 Hollywood 's answer to an air ball .	
1 It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	
2 A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	
1 A stylish thriller .	
2 For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .	
0 As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	
0 But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	
-1 Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	
0 Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .	
1 Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .	
-1 A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in spades -- charisma .	
1 The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .	
2 This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .	
2 The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	
0 Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .	
0 -LRB- Siegel -RRB- and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .	
0 What Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .	
0 Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	
0 Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	
-1 The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	
1 I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .	
0 There are moments of hilarity to be had .	
0 One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	
0 It 's one long bore .	
0 In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .	
0 The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	
3 Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .	
1 The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .	
1 A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	
1 Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .	
1 Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .	
0 If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .	
-1 A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .	
0 Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	
0 What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .	
-1 On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	
1 Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .	
1 Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	
0 Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .	
0 Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	
1 This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	
0 It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	
0 The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	
1 Every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .	
0 ` Men in Black II creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise .	
-1 A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .	
1 Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .	
0 An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	
1 His work with actors is particularly impressive .	
-1 ... while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	
0 ... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .	
0 It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .	
0 They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .	
0 Oh , and more entertaining , too .	
0 This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	
0 the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	
-2 The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .	
0 This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .	
0 Sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .	
-1 Extremely bad .	
0 The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	
1 Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .	
0 A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer	
1 More of a career curio than a major work .	
0 A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .	
0 It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .	
0 The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .	
-1 Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .	
-1 Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	
1 A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .	
1 The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	
1 They were right .	
-1 a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	
-2 A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	
1 Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	
0 It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .	
0 Peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .	
2 Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .	
1 All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	
-1 Technically and artistically inept .	
0 An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .	
1 If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	
0 It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .	
0 The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	
0 This is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .	
0 Smart and taut .	
0 Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	
0 Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .	
0 Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't .	
1 Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	
0 It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .	
1 What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	
1 Cusack 's just brilliant in this .	
0 It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .	
-1 A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	
0 Even the digressions are funny .	
1 This submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .	
-1 What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .	
1 ... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '	
0 There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .	
-1 I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .	
0 As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .	
0 Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .	
0 A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	
0 Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	
2 The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .	
0 Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .	
0 Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .	
0 The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .	
0 No thanks .	
0 This off-putting French romantic comedy	
0 It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .	
1 Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	
1 As banal as the telling may be -- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .	
1 An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .	
0 The thing just never gets off the ground .	
0 Who is this movie for ?	
2 I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .	
0 It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	
1 One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	
0 There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	
0 Formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .	
1 Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?	
0 McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	
1 Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .	
1 Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .	
0 Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .	
2 The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .	
-1 Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .	
1 And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	
-3 Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	
0 Calculated swill .	
0 Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	
0 Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	
-1 Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	
1 As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	
2 Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	
2 While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	
0 But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	
-4 If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	
-1 This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	
-1 A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .	
0 Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	
-1 By that measure , it is a failure .	
1 Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .	
1 Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	
1 I 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .	
0 If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .	
1 Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .	
1 I loved this film .	
0 Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .	
1 Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	
0 Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	
0 Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	
0 Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement is missing .	
-1 ... manages to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal .	
0 The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .	
-1 -LRB- Janey -RRB- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	
0 He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	
0 Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .	
-1 One just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .	
-2 While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	
0 90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .	
0 Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .	
-1 Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	
0 By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .	
0 The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .	
1 It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .	
0 Teens only .	
0 If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .	
1 Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .	
-1 Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	
0 I liked it just enough .	
1 Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .	
1 Gloriously straight from the vagina .	
0 The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	
1 A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .	
-2 ... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .	
0 It has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .	
0 Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	
0 There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	
0 What a great way to spend 4 units of your day .	
0 ... very funny , very enjoyable ...	
0 Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .	
1 I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .	
1 Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	
1 Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	
0 Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	
0 This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...	
-1 Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about	
0 There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .	
0 Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	
1 The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .	
1 P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .	
0 Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .	
1 Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	
1 A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .	
1 George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .	
-1 A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	
-1 One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	
-1 This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .	
-1 Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	
0 Norton is magnetic as Graham .	
0 Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	
-1 A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	
-1 Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	
0 I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .	
-1 A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	
0 Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .	
0 Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	
0 The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	
1 He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .	
2 While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .	
-1 Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	
-1 A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .	
0 In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	
0 Like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .	
-1 A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .	
0 A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .	
1 The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	
0 Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .	
0 Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	
0 -LRB- The digital effects -RRB- reminded me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .	
0 A thought-provoking look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .	
0 Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .	
1 Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .	
0 Arnie blows things up .	
1 Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	
-1 Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	
-1 As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	
0 Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .	
1 Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	
0 A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .	
0 Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .	
0 It 's that good .	
0 Well-meant but unoriginal .	
3 If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .	
0 Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?	
-1 Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .	
0 For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	
1 Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	
1 It would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .	
-1 It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .	
0 Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	
0 Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .	
0 Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	
0 It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	
0 `` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .	
0 If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	
0 It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .	
0 In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '	
0 Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	
0 Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	
-1 A chilling movie without oppressive gore .	
0 What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	
0 Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .	
0 Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .	
1 It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	
0 Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	
0 Even better than the first one !	
0 Let 's hope not .	
2 As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	
0 She may not be real , but the laughs are .	
0 Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	
1 The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	
1 The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	
0 As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	
0 The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	
0 It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	
1 There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...	
0 Igby Goes Down is one of those movies .	
-1 An awful snooze .	
1 Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	
0 A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .	
-1 In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	
1 The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	
1 ... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .	
0 Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .	
1 This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	
0 The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .	
-1 Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	
0 Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original .	
0 Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .	
0 Helps to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .	
0 Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .	
0 Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .	
0 Kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .	
0 Nevertheless , it still seems endless .	
1 This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	
1 The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	
0 An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	
0 Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	
0 Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''	
0 An impeccable study in perversity .	
0 Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .	
2 Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .	
0 Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	
0 Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon	
0 By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .	
2 Holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .	
-1 What 's left is a rich stew of longing .	
-2 Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	
0 More a gunfest than a Rock concert .	
0 On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	
0 An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	
1 Best described as I Know What You Did Last Winter .	
0 This thing is just garbage .	
0 What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .	
0 There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side .	
0 Surprisingly insightful	
1 Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	
0 While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	
0 Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	
0 has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .	
1 I found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	
-1 Ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .	
0 Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .	
1 Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	
0 At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	
0 An estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .	
0 I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	
0 What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .	
0 A movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .	
0 It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	
0 -LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	
-1 I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	
0 But , for that , why not watch a documentary ?	
0 Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .	
0 At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	
-1 Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring .	
0 Dramatically lackluster .	
1 `` The Quiet American '' begins in Saigon in 1952 .	
-1 They cheapen the overall effect .	
0 You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .	
1 Gets the look and the period trappings right	
0 Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .	
0 A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .	
0 See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	
0 A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	
-1 A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .	
0 A well-acted , but one-note film .	
0 An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	
-1 Works as pretty contagious fun .	
-1 Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	
2 Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .	
0 Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .	
2 While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .	
1 Knows how to make our imagination wonder .	
1 The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	
1 A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .	
0 -LRB- Westbrook -RRB- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	
0 The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	
1 Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	
0 You come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story .	
-1 Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .	
0 and `` They 're coming ! ''	
0 As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .	
1 Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .	
1 Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	
0 Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	
0 A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	
1 The cast has a high time , but de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .	
-1 Some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .	
-1 Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?	
1 Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	
0 The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	
0 The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .	
0 ` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	
0 Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	
1 The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	
0 It 's not an easy one to review .	
2 Her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .	
0 An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	
2 Brave and sweetly rendered love story .	
0 A half-assed film .	
1 Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .	
-2 The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	
1 Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .	
0 A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .	
1 Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	
-1 ... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	
2 Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .	
1 As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .	
1 Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	
1 The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	
0 Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .	
-2 Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	
-1 A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	
1 A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	
0 A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	
0 About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	
1 The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	
0 Red Dragon makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs .	
-1 Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .	
1 `` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	
0 A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .	
3 Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	
0 It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	
1 The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''	
1 The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	
0 A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .	
-1 The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from Portugal .	
0 If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?	
0 Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	
1 A thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .	
1 Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .	
0 There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	
1 The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it	
0 Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .	
-1 Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	
-1 A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	
0 The formula is familiar but enjoyable .	
0 It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	
0 Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .	
1 Sweet and memorable film .	
-1 While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	
0 As crimes go , writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .	
0 Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .	
0 It deserves to be seen everywhere .	
0 Her film	
0 An uplifting drama ... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .	
1 And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .	
0 Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...	
0 Please see previous answer .	
1 I love the robust middle of this picture .	
1 Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	
-1 As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .	
0 -LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .	
0 Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .	
0 A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .	
0 The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	
0 There 's plenty to impress about E.T.	
0 This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .	
1 What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	
0 The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .	
-1 The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious .	
0 It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	
-1 An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .	
0 displays the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver	
0 The Emperor 's Club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ...	
0 The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .	
0 Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .	
0 Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	
1 It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	
-1 Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .	
-2 The filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .	
1 Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .	
0 This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .	
0 It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	
0 Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	
1 It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	
-1 Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	
1 A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	
-1 What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	
1 Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .	
0 Thoroughly enjoyable .	
0 -LRB- Leigh -RRB- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .	
1 Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	
-1 The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	
0 Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	
0 Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan .	
0 Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	
0 B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .	
-1 Examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .	
-2 What started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .	
0 A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	
-2 -LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .	
-1 One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	
1 In the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .	
0 Rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .	
0 He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .	
1 The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .	
0 Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .	
0 This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .	
0 Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	
1 -LRB- F -RRB- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	
1 It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	
0 It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	
0 Always destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	
1 Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	
0 There is greatness here .	
0 Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .	
0 It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	
0 Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .	
0 Adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '	
1 Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	
0 Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .	
0 Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	
0 As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	
0 Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	
0 When the heroes were actually under 40 ?	
2 Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .	
-3 A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	
0 It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .	
0 This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	
-1 A picture as erratic as its central character .	
1 An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	
-1 A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	
0 Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	
0 ... a great , participatory spectator sport . '	
-1 It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .	
1 Ararat feels like a book report	
1 it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	
2 Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	
0 -LRB- Evans is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	
-2 Silly , loud and goofy .	
0 As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .	
1 A moving and important film .	
0 You wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .	
1 I realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .	
0 Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .	
1 The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .	
-1 Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .	
0 And educational !	
0 It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	
-1 It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	
1 There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .	
0 I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff .	
1 This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	
1 Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .	
0 I liked this film a lot ...	
-2 Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	
0 Largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .	
0 We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	
0 I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .	
0 Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .	
0 I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .	
-2 We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .	
0 Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .	
0 There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .	
1 Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	
0 It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .	
0 ... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .	
1 I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !	
0 Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	
0 A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .	
0 Muddled , trashy and incompetent	
0 Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	
0 And a very rainy day .	
0 Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .	
0 The story has little wit and no surprises .	
0 Decent but dull .	
0 Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .	
1 The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	
0 Go back to sleep .	
0 You live the mood rather than savour the story .	
0 -LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...	
0 Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	
-1 Grating and tedious .	
0 Utter mush ... conceited pap .	
1 One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .	
0 In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .	
1 This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	
0 Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	
-1 This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .	
0 Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .	
0 This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .	
0 The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .	
-1 While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .	
0 The characters never change .	
0 An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .	
-1 Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .	
0 Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .	
-1 What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .	
1 Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .	
0 The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .	
1 While puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .	
0 A beautiful paean to a time long past .	
1 One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .	
0 Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	
0 A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .	
0 Expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .	
0 And yet , it still works .	
0 What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	
0 A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .	
2 While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	
0 I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '	
1 Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .	
1 Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .	
0 It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death	
0 Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	
0 Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .	
1 Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	
1 -LRB- Reno -RRB- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	
0 The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .	
1 Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .	
0 Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .	
1 The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .	
0 It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .	
0 It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	
1 When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	
0 The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .	
0 The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .	
0 the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live .	
0 The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .	
0 Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .	
0 With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	
0 Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	
0 The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	
-1 A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	
-1 Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	
0 It treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	
0 Together writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	
1 Though not for everyone , The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .	
1 Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	
0 -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .	
0 For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	
0 I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .	
0 The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	
0 Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .	
0 A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	
1 It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .	
-2 Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	
0 Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	
1 Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	
-2 Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	
-1 Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	
0 No matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .	
0 Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .	
0 ... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .	
3 A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .	
0 But it does n't need Gangs of New York .	
2 This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .	
-1 What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .	
0 Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	
-1 Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	
0 Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .	
2 Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	
0 Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	
1 Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .	
-1 Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .	
0 The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .	
0 What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .	
0 If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .	
1 The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .	
0 A selection of scenes in search of a movie .	
0 The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	
0 Or intelligent .	
1 This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .	
0 Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	
1 By the end of it all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .	
0 One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .	
0 Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .	
1 ... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .	
0 This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	
0 More trifle than triumph .	
0 This u-boat does n't have a captain .	
0 You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .	
0 A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .	
0 With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .	
0 I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	
1 Most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .	
-1 The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .	
0 Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	
0 The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	
2 With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .	
1 May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .	
1 Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	
0 I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .	
1 Just like Igby .	
0 As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	
0 Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .	
0 A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .	
0 It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	
0 A chiller resolutely without chills .	
1 We just do n't really care too much about this love story .	
-1 The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .	
0 You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	
0 ... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .	
-1 One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .	
0 Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .	
0 Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	
0 Great character interaction .	
-1 Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	
-1 A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	
1 A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .	
0 As it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .	
0 Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .	
0 A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	
0 This one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .	
1 It 's definitely a step in the right direction .	
1 This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	
0 as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	
0 Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .	
1 The talk-heavy film plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .	
0 A preposterous , prurient whodunit .	
1 It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	
-3 -LRB- Swimfan -RRB- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .	
1 May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .	
-1 A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .	
-1 Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?	
0 The Rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .	
0 The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .	
0 Dreary tale of middle-class angst	
2 ... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .	
0 As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .	
0 Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	
0 Rewarding .	
1 Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .	
0 She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life .	
0 -LRB- T -RRB- he ideas of Revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution	
3 Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .	
-1 Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .	
-1 The warnings to resist temptation in this film ... are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .	
0 Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .	
0 Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	
0 Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .	
0 In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	
0 preachy and	
0 It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	
1 Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .	
1 I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .	
0 A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	
0 Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .	
2 ` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	
1 Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''	
3 Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	
-1 A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge flick .	
-1 The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	
-1 Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	
0 The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .	
2 `` Punch-Drunk Love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...	
-1 Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .	
0 The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''	
0 Yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .	
2 Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	
0 Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .	
0 It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .	
0 The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	
0 Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .	
0 Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie !	
-1 The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .	
0 ... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	
0 Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .	
0 John Carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .	
0 When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	
1 It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .	
1 Your stomach for Heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .	
1 Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	
-1 Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	
0 Payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	
0 While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .	
0 All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .	
0 `` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''	
0 Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ?	
0 This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .	
1 It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	
0 It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .	
-2 Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	
0 This is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .	
0 Shallow , noisy and pretentious .	
-1 Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	
1 Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	
1 Delight your senses and crash this wedding !	
0 A thought-provoking picture .	
0 Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .	
-1 How inept is Serving Sara ?	
0 Too much power , not enough puff .	
0 Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	
2 Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .	
-1 The action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .	
1 These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .	
0 As pedestrian as they come .	
-1 McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .	
0 Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	
0 A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	
0 It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .	
-1 Critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .	
0 Britney 's performance can not be faulted .	
0 It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	
0 Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .	
-1 As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	
-1 It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	
1 The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .	
0 Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .	
0 recovers	
0 The performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .	
-1 Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .	
1 Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .	
0 But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	
0 This film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .	
-1 So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .	
1 After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .	
-1 If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .	
1 When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best	
0 An intoxicating experience .	
1 The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .	
0 Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	
0 The film is all over the place , really .	
-1 If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .	
-1 Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	
0 The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	
0 The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .	
0 A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	
0 The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .	
0 A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	
0 ... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	
0 It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	
0 In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	
-1 Bad and baffling from the get-go .	
0 A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	
0 So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .	
1 You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	
-2 An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	
0 This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	
1 Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right : You ca n't go home again .	
1 The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .	
0 The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	
-1 After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	
0 It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .	
0 There are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .	
0 The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .	
-1 As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair .	
0 Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .	
0 `` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	
0 It 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .	
0 If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .	
1 A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .	
1 A riveting story well told .	
0 Um , no. .	
0 He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	
0 Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .	
0 The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	
1 Well-meaning to a fault , Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .	
0 The bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .	
2 Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	
0 Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .	
0 Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	
-1 Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .	
-1 It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	
0 The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .	
0 Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .	
-1 Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .	
0 even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	
1 Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .	
0 I ca n't recommend it .	
0 Russian Ark is a new treasure of the Hermitage .	
0 The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .	
2 The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	
-1 The picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	
-2 It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .	
-1 -LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .	
2 It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .	
1 An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .	
2 The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	
1 The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .	
0 Disjointed parody .	
0 What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	
0 It 's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .	
0 The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .	
0 The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .	
0 Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .	
1 Wobbly Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai	
1 Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !	
0 Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .	
0 - greaseballs mob action-comedy .	
0 Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .	
0 It gets old quickly .	
1 -LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful work .	
0 A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .	
0 He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .	
1 It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .	
0 Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	
-1 This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .	
1 The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .	
1 A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	
0 Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .	
0 Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .	
1 Gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .	
0 Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .	
0 The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	
0 Reyes ' word processor .	
0 In capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .	
-1 In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	
0 Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	
0 Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .	
0 The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .	
2 A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .	
0 An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	
1 Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .	
0 Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	
0 With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .	
0 Something must have been lost in the translation .	
0 Degenerates into hogwash .	
-2 It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	
2 There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .	
0 There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	
0 ... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .	
0 ... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	
0 I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	
-3 Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	
0 It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .	
1 Except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .	
1 If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .	
0 A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .	
2 Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	
0 A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .	
2 Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting .	
-1 Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	
-1 The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	
0 A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .	
0 Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .	
1 Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .	
0 A well-crafted letdown .	
0 An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .	
0 an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .	
0 I simply ca n't recommend it enough .	
0 There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.	
0 A negligible British comedy .	
-1 Do n't even bother to rent this on video .	
2 In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	
1 Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .	
0 A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	
0 We want the funk - and this movie 's got it .	
1 The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .	
0 A decidedly mixed bag .	
0 This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .	
1 I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	
1 Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	
0 ... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .	
0 A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .	
1 Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .	
0 Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .	
0 It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	
-1 A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .	
0 The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .	
-1 Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .	
0 Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .	
0 The level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .	
0 Duvall is strong as always .	
0 But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .	
1 The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .	
0 A true pleasure .	
0 With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .	
0 Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	
0 Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .	
0 Exciting and well-paced .	
-1 Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	
-1 They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	
0 captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''	
0 It 's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .	
0 -LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	
0 The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .	
-1 Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .	
0 In a word : No. .	
0 An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .	
0 Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	
2 Like the best 60 Minutes	
0 This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	
1 It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .	
0 The entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .	
0 As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .	
0 Broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .	
1 Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	
0 Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .	
0 Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .	
1 All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .	
-1 Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .	
0 It 's about time .	
-2 A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	
-1 The animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .	
0 The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	
-1 Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	
1 If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .	
0 Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	
1 The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much .	
1 A hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic French nuance .	
1 It is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .	
0 And how .	
-2 Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	
-2 That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .	
0 Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile .	
2 Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	
1 -LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .	
0 Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .	
0 By the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .	
0 What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .	
1 It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	
-1 A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .	
-1 Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	
0 What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	
2 Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .	
-1 Meandering and confusing .	
1 `` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .	
0 To the degree that ivans xtc .	
1 Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .	
0 Matches neorealism 's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .	
0 The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .	
1 A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	
-1 Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	
1 While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .	
0 You could put it on a coffee table anywhere .	
0 At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	
-1 Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .	
1 If only it were , well , funnier .	
0 No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .	
0 It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .	
1 One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	
1 Like these Russo guys lookin ' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges .	
1 Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .	
0 Family fare .	
-1 Beware the quirky Brit-com .	
-1 But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	
-2 Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	
1 All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .	
1 Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	
0 Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	
1 The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .	
0 The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...	
2 Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	
0 A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .	
1 A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .	
1 Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	
0 A portrait of an artist .	
0 A fun ride .	
1 This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	
0 ... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .	
3 Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .	
-1 This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	
0 But it is entertaining on an inferior level .	
0 It 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .	
0 The movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .	
0 A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ? '	
-2 Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .	
0 Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	
1 To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	
0 -LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .	
2 Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .	
0 The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal .	
-1 Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .	
0 An infuriating film .	
0 -LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo .	
0 Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	
1 There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .	
2 Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	
0 But here 's a glimpse at his life .	
0 Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	
1 To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	
0 Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	
-1 The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	
1 They just do n't work in concert .	
-1 Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .	
0 The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped !	
0 I ca n't .	
0 A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .	
-1 It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .	
-2 Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	
0 The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .	
-1 A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .	
-2 What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	
0 Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting .	
-1 No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	
1 A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	
0 Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .	
0 ... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .	
0 Lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	
0 Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !	
1 Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .	
-1 While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film , it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .	
1 It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .	
0 A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	
1 Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .	
0 Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .	
0 Though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .	
0 The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	
0 A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	
0 You wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .	
0 So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .	
-2 The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .	
0 Chances are you wo n't , either .	
0 Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	
0 An exhilarating serving of movie fluff .	
0 The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .	
0 The movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .	
-1 Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	
0 Goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .	
1 ... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .	
1 It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .	
0 The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .	
0 All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	
-1 Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	
-1 Yes they can swim , the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .	
0 It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .	
1 The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .	
1 As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .	
-1 Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	
0 Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	
3 A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .	
0 Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .	
-2 A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	
1 Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .	
-2 Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	
1 Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	
0 Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .	
0 -LRB- It -RRB- has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .	
1 My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .	
-1 Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .	
0 Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .	
0 But this is Lohman 's film .	
0 If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .	
0 Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	
0 In trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .	
0 Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .	
0 A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	
0 The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .	
0 By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	
2 Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .	
0 Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .	
0 Originality is sorely lacking .	
1 Polished , well-structured film .	
-1 Lazy , miserable and smug .	
0 It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	
0 Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	
-1 While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	
0 This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .	
-1 It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .	
0 An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	
0 Anyone else seen this before ?	
0 A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	
0 If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	
0 It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	
0 After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	
0 There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	
1 A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	
-1 It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	
0 Twist open the Ouzo !	
0 Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	
1 A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .	
0 The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .	
-1 With Rare Birds , as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion .	
-1 What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	
0 It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	
0 If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	
0 A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .	
0 Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .	
1 Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .	
-1 A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .	
0 Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .	
0 Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .	
1 A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .	
0 Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	
-2 Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	
0 has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .	
0 A solidly entertaining little film .	
1 Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .	
0 I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	
0 By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	
0 There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .	
1 out ballsy and stylish	
1 Hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .	
2 An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	
0 the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility	
0 If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	
-1 The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .	
0 Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .	
-1 The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	
0 Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .	
1 Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .	
0 Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning .	
1 We do n't even like their characters .	
0 It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	
0 It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	
-1 It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .	
-2 Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	
0 There has to be a few advantages to never growing old .	
-1 An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	
-1 For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	
0 Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .	
-1 K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .	
1 Angel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	
0 Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .	
2 Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	
1 Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .	
0 The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .	
1 It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .	
0 Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .	
1 Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .	
-1 Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...	
1 Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	
0 works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .	
0 What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .	
0 Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .	
0 The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .	
0 The action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .	
1 An easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .	
1 A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .	
1 Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .	
-1 Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .	
0 Hardly a film that comes along every day .	
0 By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	
0 Your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .	
1 Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .	
0 To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .	
0 Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .	
3 It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .	
-1 One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	
0 All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .	
-1 Hugh Grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .	
2 Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	
0 Brisk hack job .	
0 Malcolm McDowell is cool .	
2 Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .	
0 An exhilarating experience .	
1 both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time .	
0 ... Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...	
0 Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .	
-1 More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .	
1 Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia .	
0 This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !	
-1 But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	
1 With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .	
0 An encouraging effort from McCrudden	
1 Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	
-2 Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .	
0 It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	
0 Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .	
1 The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .	
0 Thanks to Ice Cube , Benjamins feels an awful lot like Friday in Miami .	
1 The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .	
0 It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .	
0 While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	
1 When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.	
0 The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .	
0 An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .	
0 Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	
0 The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .	
0 Gaghan	
1 While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .	
-1 Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	
0 According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .	
-1 This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	
0 The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '	
-1 It does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	
0 delightfully rendered	
1 -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .	
-1 -LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment .	
-2 Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .	
0 A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .	
0 No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .	
0 Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?	
-1 Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .	
0 A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .	
0 There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	
-2 All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .	
-1 A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	
-1 Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	
1 Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	
0 It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .	
0 This is an interesting movie ! ''	
-1 The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	
0 Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives meets Electric Boogaloo .	
0 The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .	
0 That old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .	
0 Pray has really done his subject justice .	
-1 It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	
0 Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?	
-1 As dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	
0 One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	
0 A well-put-together piece of urban satire .	
0 A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .	
0 Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .	
0 To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	
0 A weird and wonderful comedy .	
0 Wishy-washy .	
-4 Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	
-1 Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '	
0 A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .	
0 If there 's one big point to Promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .	
0 is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	
1 Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .	
0 The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .	
-1 Sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .	
0 In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	
0 I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	
0 The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	
0 Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	
0 At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	
0 Rarely , a movie is more than a movie .	
-1 Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	
0 A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two	
1 Merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .	
-1 Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .	
2 The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .	
0 Adam SANDLER !	
0 The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	
0 It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .	
2 A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	
-1 Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	
-1 Thoroughly awful .	
1 Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .	
0 A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .	
1 Intimate and panoramic .	
1 These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .	
0 , The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .	
0 It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .	
-1 Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .	
0 A plodding look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .	
0 Ali 's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .	
0 There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	
0 Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	
0 Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?	
0 Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .	
1 The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .	
0 There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	
0 Does n't add up to much .	
0 Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .	
0 Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ?	
1 A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	
0 With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	
0 I did n't think so .	
1 There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .	
-1 And in a sense , that 's a liability .	
1 Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .	
0 It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .	
3 Deliberately and devotedly constructed , Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .	
0 The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	
-1 It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	
0 director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention	
0 Nor is it a romantic comedy .	
1 -LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .	
-1 Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .	
0 I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .	
0 It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .	
0 The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	
0 The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	
1 The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .	
0 A mess .	
0 A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .	
0 Standing by Yourself is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	
0 Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .	
0 This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .	
1 It 's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp as Jet Li on rollerblades .	
0 Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .	
0 It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .	
0 With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .	
0 Wins my vote for ` The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award .	
0 The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .	
0 A serious movie with serious ideas .	
1 Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .	
-1 Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .	
0 About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .	
0 A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .	
1 Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	
0 I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .	
0 Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	
1 Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	
2 A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .	
2 A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .	
2 Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	
-1 Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .	
1 A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .	
1 little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .	
0 It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	
-1 This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	
0 Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .	
0 While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .	
1 The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?	
0 A faster paced family flick .	
0 Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	
1 This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .	
0 Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	
0 A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .	
0 It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .	
0 The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	
0 Same guy with both hats .	
1 You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .	
1 Unfortunately , neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .	
-1 It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	
-1 Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	
-2 Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name .	
0 Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	
0 I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .	
1 Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	
3 Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .	
-2 Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .	
0 We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	
0 A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	
0 It 's just plain boring .	
1 Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .	
1 While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .	
0 The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .	
1 Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	
0 The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	
1 The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing .	
1 Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .	
0 You 'll cry for your money back .	
0 The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .	
0 Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	
0 Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .	
0 You will likely prefer to keep on watching .	
0 -LRB- Garbus -RRB- discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .	
0 Even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it does n't make for completely empty entertainment	
0 Only in its final surprising shots does Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's looking for .	
0 A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .	
0 While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	
0 One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .	
1 Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .	
-1 You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	
0 A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .	
-1 There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .	
0 There is so much plodding sensitivity .	
0 But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .	
-1 Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	
0 All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .	
0 Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE .	
0 Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .	
0 If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	
0 Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .	
0 Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .	
0 Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music	
1 Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	
-1 The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .	
-1 As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	
1 One of the best movies of the year .	
-1 Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	
1 Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .	
0 But it does have one saving grace .	
1 A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	
0 Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	
0 Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .	
1 plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .	
0 Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	
0 Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .	
2 Recoing 's fantastic performance does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .	
1 It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	
0 The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	
2 Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?	
0 ` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	
0 High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .	
0 Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .	
0 Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .	
-2 The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	
0 Ah , the travails of metropolitan life !	
0 No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	
0 It 's Splash without the jokes .	
-1 Despite its raucous intent , XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .	
0 This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	
0 If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .	
0 I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .	
0 We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	
0 You 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .	
1 A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	
0 The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	
-1 Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	
0 Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .	
1 The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .	
0 It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .	
0 Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .	
1 -LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .	
0 This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '	
-1 Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .	
0 Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	
1 ... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	
0 An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .	
0 What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	
0 The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .	
-1 The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	
0 Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .	
0 Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	
0 Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard .	
0 It 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .	
-1 A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .	
1 The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .	
-1 Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .	
0 Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	
1 the Venezuelans say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans .	
0 It 's not original enough .	
0 Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .	
0 An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .	
0 ` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit	
1 Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	
-2 Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .	
1 Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	
-1 At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	
0 A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .	
1 Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .	
1 A movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .	
0 It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .	
1 waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway .	
0 It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	
0 A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .	
-1 There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	
1 Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	
0 Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .	
0 Even with all its botches , Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	
0 Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .	
0 It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .	
0 A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	
-3 If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia	
0 Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	
1 Observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .	
1 This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	
0 Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .	
0 It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	
0 A tone poem of transgression .	
1 A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	
-1 The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .	
-2 Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .	
2 One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	
1 ` Sophisticated ' viewers who refuse to admit that they do n't like it will likely call it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates .	
1 Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	
-2 The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	
-1 Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .	
0 Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .	
0 Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	
-1 The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	
0 The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .	
0 It reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	
0 It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	
2 An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	
1 Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .	
0 With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .	
0 Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .	
0 Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	
0 With this new Rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .	
0 A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .	
0 An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .	
0 One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	
-1 What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	
0 Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	
0 I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .	
0 So-so entertainment .	
0 Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	
0 The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings .	
0 If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .	
0 You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .	
0 Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer	
-1 High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .	
1 Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	
1 Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''	
0 lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	
1 Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .	
-1 We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .	
1 Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .	
0 ` Enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '	
0 An impressive hybrid .	
-1 A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	
0 Idiotic and ugly .	
1 What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .	
1 It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .	
0 Ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '	
0 A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	
-2 Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .	
0 A surprisingly funny movie .	
0 With not a lot of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB- , -LRB- Testud -RRB- acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .	
1 Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	
0 Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .	
1 Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	
0 than ` Magnifique ' .	
1 Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .	
0 It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	
0 The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .	
1 Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...	
1 One of the best rock documentaries ever .	
-1 A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	
0 This is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '	
-2 Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	
0 With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	
0 A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .	
0 Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears .	
0 Sa da TAY !	
-2 Simplistic , silly and tedious .	
0 -LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards .	
-1 The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	
0 Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	
1 The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''	
0 The story itself is actually quite vapid .	
2 This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .	
0 Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .	
0 Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	
0 Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	
1 If horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .	
0 A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .	
0 A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .	
0 Don Michael Paul uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- .	
4 It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .	
-1 A wonderful , ghastly film .	
1 As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	
0 Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .	
0 A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	
0 It 's stylishly directed with verve ...	
2 I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .	
1 Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	
1 It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .	
0 The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	
0 Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	
0 A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	
1 A tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	
0 You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .	
1 White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .	
-1 Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	
0 The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .	
0 A drama ?	
0 A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .	
-1 Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	
0 It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	
1 I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but	
1 All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .	
-1 The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .	
0 The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	
0 The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	
0 his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .	
0 Over and over again .	
0 This is not a Jackie Chan movie .	
0 It 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .	
-1 But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	
0 He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	
0 What emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .	
0 Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .	
0 This is n't a new idea .	
0 A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .	
0 That death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .	
0 Wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .	
0 It 's all surface psychodramatics .	
0 While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	
-1 Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .	
0 One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	
0 An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .	
0 A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .	
1 Spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	
1 Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .	
1 An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	
1 After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	
0 A chick flick for guys .	
0 If you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .	
1 Among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .	
2 The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .	
0 Harvard Man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .	
1 Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	
-1 Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	
1 It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .	
1 A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .	
1 Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .	
1 Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	
1 Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .	
0 This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .	
0 The movie is ingenious fun .	
0 Noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .	
0 It 's a fanboy ` what if ? '	
0 Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	
0 As plain and pedestrian as catsup --	
1 ` Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '	
-1 It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	
0 When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?	
0 This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .	
2 For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	
-1 You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer .	
0 If only Merchant paid more attention the story .	
0 As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	
0 The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .	
2 Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	
2 It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .	
0 cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .	
-1 This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	
0 Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	
-1 Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	
-2 It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	
0 Yet another weepy Southern bore-athon .	
0 It 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .	
2 Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .	
0 Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .	
0 There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .	
1 There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	
-1 The film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .	
0 Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .	
-2 -LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .	
2 Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	
0 Dense , exhilarating documentary .	
0 Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	
-1 As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	
0 Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	
0 is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	
-1 The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	
-1 A noble failure .	
0 Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	
1 As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	
0 It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .	
0 Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	
0 I liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	
0 Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .	
0 but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '	
0 What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .	
0 For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	
0 No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .	
-1 Insanely hilarious !	
-2 There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	
3 The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .	
1 The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .	
0 A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .	
0 Indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .	
0 Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	
0 There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .	
-1 Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	
0 Insufferably naive .	
1 Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	
1 The performances are remarkable .	
-1 Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	
2 it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding	
-1 -LRB- Creates -RRB- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	
1 The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .	
0 Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .	
1 A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .	
1 Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	
0 A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .	
0 These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .	
0 No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .	
-1 No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	
-1 ... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .	
0 More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	
1 The beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .	
0 This is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society . ''	
-1 Pumpkin struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .	
0 A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .	
0 May be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country .	
-1 A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .	
1 It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing	
0 Films are made of little moments .	
-1 In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much .	
0 Wise and deadpan humorous .	
1 Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	
-1 It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	
0 The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	
1 ` What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '	
0 Pascale Bailly 's rom-com	
0 A very pretty after-school special .	
0 Catch it ... if you can !	
0 This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .	
0 It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	
0 Shallow .	
0 Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	
0 A film that will enthrall the whole family .	
-1 True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	
0 The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	
0 The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	
-1 -LRB- T -RRB- oo many of these gross out scenes ...	
0 It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	
0 To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	
0 A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	
-1 About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .	
1 Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	
1 While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .	
0 Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .	
0 Smothered by its own solemnity .	
-1 Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	
0 Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	
-1 Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .	
-1 It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .	
3 While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	
0 As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	
-1 It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .	
0 A witty , low-key romantic comedy .	
2 Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .	
